Update User guide to mark out areas that need screenshots (#249)
AY1920S1-CS2103T-T13-4/main: docs/UserGuide.adoc

* `*cache-delete* 2` +
Deletes the offline copy of the second bookmark.

[[annotate]]
=== Making annotations on an offline copy: *`annotate`*

If you want to add a new annotation on the offline copy of a bookmark,
you can do so using the `annotate` command.
With this command, you can highlight a paragraph on the offline document and
optionally attach a supplementary note to said paragraph. You can add notes

> to justify the highlight or as content-relevant notes to refer to in future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to explain the highlight or as content-relevant notes to refer to in future.
```

If you are looking to add a general note not pertaining to any specific paragraph, you
can also use this command to add it to the bottom of the page, hereby known as the _General notes section_.

Upon annotating, the your view will be switched to the offline tab
showing the results of your command.

NOTE: A general note is not attached to any paragraph of the original web page. Instead, when adding general notes, they are attached

> to newly created paragraphs that do not have any content displayed.

Reviewer: Would "newly created paragraphs" be more of an implementation note? As a user, I think I'd be quite content to know where I can find my general notes.
```suggestion
to invisible paragraphs at the bottom of the document.
```

General notes are found at the bottom of the page, referred to as the _General notes section_.

You can choose to use this command to overwrite any existing note. However, note that when you use this command to highlight

> a phantom paragraph, Mark remembers the hidden highlight colour, but no highlight is reflected on the application.

Reviewer 2: I saw you removed the phantom paragraph from the glossary should update here as well?

Author: Thanks for checking; I'll change the 'phantom paragraph' in the next paragraph into 'paragraph of general notes'

> You can choose to use this command to overwrite any existing note. However, note that when you use this command to highlight

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose to use this command to overwrite any existing note. However, note that when you highlight
```

NOTE: Paragraphs are identified using a numbered identifier that starts with either `P` or `G`. You can refer to the
numbered identifier in the leftmost column of the offline document to check out the respective identifier for each paragraph.

> Paragraphs of general notes are identified using numbered identifiers that begin with `G`, as opposed to paragraphs originating from the original web page, whose identifiers begin with `P`.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion to make it more concise!

```suggestion
Paragraphs of general notes have identifiers that begin with `G`, while paragraphs from the original web page have identifiers that begin with `P`.
```

Format: `*annotate* INDEX p/PARA_NUM [n/NOTES] [h/HIGHLIGHT_COLOUR=yellow]`

For example:

* Input `*annotate* 1 p/p2 n/summary of paragraph h/orange` into the command box.

image::AddAnnotationCommandUi1.png[]
// offline tab, showing result after   annotate 1 p/p2

* Observe that any pre-existing annotation is overwritten. Paragraph P2 is now highlighted orange and a note with content “summary of paragraph” is attached to it.

image::AddAnnotationCommandUi2.png[]
// offline tab, showing result.

// More details about command constraints
****
 * `INDEX` is the bookmark that you want to annotate offline version of.
 If `INDEX` is invalid, a warning message will be displayed.
 * `PARA_NUM` is the numbered identifier of the paragraph to be marked.

>  `PARA_NUM` must be `NULL` or it must begin with `P` or `G` (e.g. `P3`).

Reviewer 2: Just a suggestion should we mention that `p3` and `P3` are equivalent i.e. para_num is case insensitive?

Author: Ok!

colour remains the same. Otherwise, paragraph 2 will be highlighted yellow and
a new note with content "change or add note content" will be added to the paragraph.

* `*annotate* 1 p/null n/adding a general note` +
This adds a note with content "adding a general note" to the _General notes section_ in the
offline copy of bookmark 1.

[[annotatedelete]]
=== Deleting annotations on an offline copy: *`annotate-delete`*

If you want to delete highlights or notes from the offline copy of a bookmark, you can do so using the `annotate-delete` command.
You can choose to remove just the notes and/or highlight of a paragraph, or clear all annotations
on the offline copy to revert it to a clean slate. You can also choose to remove a note from the

> <<stray-notes,_General notes section_>>.

Reviewer: Just a note: After I merge the reorganised User Guide, you can put the link to "General notes section" at the start of the [Offline Copies](https://deploy-preview-248--mark-cs2103t.netlify.com/userguide#offline-copies) section.

 If `KEEP_HIGHLIGHT`` is invalid, a warning message will be displayed.
****

Other examples:

* `*annotate-delete* 1 p/p2` +
This removes both the note and highlight from paragraph 2 in the offline copy of bookmark 1.

* `*annotate-delete* 1 p/p2 h/true` +
This removes the note of paragraph 2 in the offline copy of bookmark 1, leaving the highlight untouched.

* `*annotate-delete* 2 p/g1` +

> This deletes the general note from phantom paragraph `G1` in the offline copy of bookmark 2.

Reviewer 2: Same here? rephrase phantom paragraph?

* `*annotate-edit* 1 p/p1 h/yellow` +
This changes the highlight colour to yellow for paragraph 1 in the offline copy of bookmark 1.

* `*annotate-edit* 1 p/g2 to/p1` +

> This moves the general note of phantom paragraph `S2` to paragraph 1 in the offline copy of bookmark 1.

Reviewer 2: Should be `G2` here i think?
